# Introduction
SubsCrypt is a BaaS(Blockchain as a service) for developers to facilitate the integration of their subscription methods on the PolkaDot blockchain using a smart contract. It helps both providers and customers by simplifying the subscription procedure using Blockchain.

For providers, a dashboard panel has been designed which shows them all their subscription plans and customers subscribing to each one, and let them manage each plan explicitly, add new plans and disable unwanted ones. As a result, useful business data of subscribed users is gathered for each provider, while protecting customers’ privacy.

On the other hand, it provides customers with an easy to use environment to manage all their subscriptions in one place, and add new subscriptions. For this purpose, a dashboard panel is designed specifically for customers. Using this dashboard, customers can check their subscriptions, refund, or renew them. To facilitate the subscribing process, and eliminate the issue of trust to a third-party, a pop-up is provided which links providers’ websites, directly to a trusted wallet.
## Scenario of Use
Assume a scenario that Alice is a user of a service that provides subscriptions for milk delivery(called Milkryption). Milkryption has a monthly and yearly subscription method and they use SubsCrypt on their website (first they submit their plan on our contract on our website, then they can use our API), so if Alice ever has used our service so far, she will only need to connect her wallet and subscribe to the Milkryption using a trigger contract method(she will send some encrypted data that is encrypted with her key and also service provider key and then she will share that key with the service provider to have access to her data in the contract) but if that's her first time to ever use SubsCrypt, she has to also sign-up in the contract. Alice now can anytime request a refund of the remaining days of her service directly from the contract. Alice will hopefully use our service on several websites and now she can go to our website and manage her subscriptions(refunding or renewing) in one place.
